# stb_image License

## Third-Party Notice

This directory (`vendor/stb_image/`) contains stb_image, an image loading
library developed by Sean Barrett. stb_image is **not** part of the original
codebase of [Your Library Name], the custom OpenGL game framework library
developed by [Your Name or Organization]. It is included as a third-party
dependency and is provided under its own license, as detailed below.

stb_image is open for public use, provided users comply with its license terms
and give appropriate credit to its author, Sean Barrett. The inclusion of
stb_image in this project does not imply ownership by [Your Name or Organization].

## Dual License (MIT License or Public Domain)

stb_image is dual-licensed under the MIT License and public domain. You may
choose either license at your discretion.

### MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Sean Barrett

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

### Public Domain

Alternatively, this software is available in the public domain. You may use,
copy, modify, and distribute it for any purpose, without restriction, and
without the need to include this notice. However, giving credit to the author,
Sean Barrett, is appreciated.